editorial cleanup (#543)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

beginning of the day).

SD-JWT only conceals the value of claims that are not revealed.

> It does not meet the security properties for anonymous credentials [@?CL01]. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not meet the security properties of anonymous credentials [@?CL01]. In
```

> It does not meet the standard security notations for anonymous credentials [@?CL01]. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not meet the security notions for anonymous credentials [@?CL01]. In
```

> It does not meet the standard security notations for anonymous credentials [@?CL01]. In

Reviewer: or
```suggestion
It does not meet the security properties for anonymous credentials [@?CL01]. In
```
